you get one on Friday did you did you
get to read through it really what'd you
think about it yeah you know that's the
Word of God it says that homosexuals
will not inherit the kingdom of God it's
not because we're trying to be on loving
towards homosexuals it's not because God
doesn't love homosexuals it's because he
knows that their sin is actually harmful
to them and it's harmful to the rest of
society and so God tells us good
commands because he didn't he knows
what's best for his creation right like
if I build a machine I know what's best
for that machine like I know what parts
need to go in it and I know like what
kind of parts that if if they were put
into it it would make it break down so
like God who has created the universe he
knows what's best for each individual
person and so he tells them good things
that they should follow and evil things
they should avoid okay and so
homosexuality is a behavior that people
adopt for various reasons whether they
were raised by an abusive father whether
they were molested as a child whether
their mom or dad was a homosexual
something like that right I guess it's
something it's a choice that you make
just like it could be a choice for me to
sleep around with somebody that's not my
wife right that would be sinful the
Bible says that fornication is a sin
like sex outside of marriage and that
will damned somebody to help
yeah yeah and that's why we're here
because I actually go to the abortion
clinic on a weekly basis and I see young
girls going in there all the time having
an abortion so hey what's up girl
so you say you're opposed to abortion
and right
did you worry able to have any
conversations with some of your friends
were you able to have any conversations
with your friends about it
right it's not your body what does that
mean right you're probably not yet
pregnant huh
so are you only for abortion in the case
of rape then why are you bringing that
up
why are you bringing up that case I'm
asking you a legitimate question do you
know how to have a rational conversation
like a human being I do to you I'm
trying to but you're here you came out
here full of anger and hatred hate you
guys okay well you need to repent of
your sin man they can describe it she
said she said it's the murder of a baby
so anyways so you think abortion what do
you think abortion is so like you saw
the pictures right mind you saw the
picture in here would you agree it's the
destruction of a human life so like it's
the murder of a child right but you're
telling me that you don't think you can
tell somebody else not to murder a child
that's good yeah that's all we would
hope for
I sit there and like
okay so then you would like tell
somebody they shouldn't do that right
okay that's good oh you know Jesus
Christ your follower Jesus you're a
Christian you are so like when you tell
me that you don't agree with like the
homosexual deal in the booklet how do
you reconcile that with the fact that
the Bible actually says that
homosexuality was saved
yeah you gonna read it yeah did you guys
get one on Friday okay you know you're
not curious about why we're out here and
what our beliefs are okay so like you
would you say that you're obligated to
follow the Bible
also like the bible does judge them for
it and so i the bible says that those
people will go to hell if they practice
almost sexuality yeah see that's not
even a real church though you know I'm
saying like how loving it is like if you
had AIDS and I had the cure for AIDS in
my back pocket but I didn't want you to
I don't want to make you feel bad for
having AIDS so I was like I'm not gonna
tell her she has it and I'm not gonna
tell her that I have the cure because it
might make her feel bad would that be a
loving thing for me to do so if the
Bible is true and homosexuals are going
to hell for their for what they practice
for their sinful behaviors and for their
unbelief is it the loving thing to do to
be like well I don't want to hurt their
feelings so I'm not going to tell them
that they're going to hell and that they
need Jesus that's actually one of the
most hateful things you can do isn't it
well you don't have to just walk up and
be like hey you're going to hell you're
going to hell you're going to hell but
you can talk to them about the
destructive nature of homosexuality you
can talk to them about the fact that
it's sin against the holy God you can
talk to them about the fact that Jesus
Christ came and died for sinners so that
they could be set free from their sin so
there's a good way to tell people about
it right I'm not saying I go over there
and I get a Bible blocker
you're gonna know like so I'm just I'm
just breaking it down the most plain
terms while you and I are talking so if
you're a Christian and you believe the
Bible you're obligated to tell others
the good news of Jesus Christ right he
said go into all the world and to make
disciples of all men baptizing them in
the name of the Father the Son and the
Holy Spirit and teaching them to obey
everything that he has commanded one of
his commands is that he created man and
woman male and female that the two would
leave their pain
become one flesh so homosexuality goes
against the design of the creator it was
a good design and it's a design he
desires for us to follow